wow that looks the discounts sharply
that's pretty good
it is the third part of the crysis 3
Kremser from frankfurt developer crytek
and they have a lot of power
no matter what the optics were there
Gods are like that looks like
they had the opportunity to be pcs
to send longer
and there it is a really great one
shooter with small but fine
Innovations One of them can be seen here
one possibility with his
suit things to hack
in the case is minefield or too
protected movies or something like that
tactical gameplay so a bit
meets and then almost the
objects displayed on the screen
by indicating the season anyway the
one later used to adversaries
mark weapons to find or so that
but is purely optional that is one
bit helps in the stealth gameplay
little
so moderate effect is also quite
nice the luzie himself on the ps3
the stories 20 years after crysis 2 man
you are playing profit yourself and will benefit from that
old colleague syco this is this one
freed from captivity and you
ever knows first not what's going on
and that alcohol has sooner too
a suit worn about no more what
is there happened is the name program
or that was his, the water in the fight
By now, soldiers are an old man
broken man earlier was therefore up
broken now and now it's only time
once given
a bow of the mambo lets him greet me
Wish you said that you too
few innovations one of them is just
a bow and everyone thinks so too
main character by the way clearly and
But arch has become really cool
So I was as surprised as I am great
that i play because the bow has the
property that turin out of
can shoot invisibility with it
you will do again as soon as you
you are visible that is with the shoots
Things are not so completely and completely silent
just the resourceful reader will show here
but then I'm completely overpowering
But it's not like that because you only have
limited arrow selection so that
maximum new normal arrows and three
from the special case and other conclusion
after that would have really borders and so on
By the way, it looks like when you look at yourself
so the effects are so
just great
this is an intermediate sequence
but also in ingame graphics is
so the game is always through
very quite atmospheric sequences
continued incredibly beautiful like that
looks
So I have to say that I'm all
two minutes and has stopped
Just looked around because of this
landscape of this portal rotted new
York are covered with jungle
Everything about growth will be valoren there
Of course, according to fat bosses opponents
because the man once fought against sehar
soldiers that is one a human
corporation the world is doing
wants to tear, so to speak, and within
New york, there is the sap alliance that
these creatures are here all the loss
so funny what the hell is so new
york happened that does not look like
New York to keep out of control
often end the botany in old
In any case, it is also pretty frightening
giant snakes already powerful in part 3
it does not really matter because you get
partly alien weapons gift what me
looks at the same time and they make soups and
they are there with the
technology of overpowering
extra-terrestrial equipped quite exactly
who are with us will be there too
is and then ammo but but
Simply tear everything to pieces as you equal
By the way, by the way, that will happen anyway
did not tell of the power
a lot of fun it is one
component are'll need but
Not
Do you see the opponents on the map?
what make it easier ?
By the way, the fights are sailing against sl
soldiers and love pain with emma
there is not much left anyone can
These elian weapons use or exist
because any restrictions so one
has seen so much in movies earlier
You have to have one in hand for a living
to be able to leave
because the protagonist is wearing a suit
which is supplied with alien technology
this is the explanation for no one else
By the way , it can be more awesome
such railshooter deposits as here
Fortunately, there are relatively rare
quite nicely staged a bit
cozy as stop after all, ego
shooting games
but fits if so synonymous sequences
come where you are pushed
otherwise you are free has a lot
freedom more like someone for example
There is rarely a vehicle
Deposits so until half life change 2
they are cool so you have one
Great freedom wherever you go
already limited but it is still
far more pleasant than say mine
Corrections can do a lot
comes from a to b and back there
is it really matter
I think that's great now we have
still a graphic comparison behind it
packed to show how crysis 3 works
the xbox on the ps3 and on the pc
looks like this is now the xbox variant
which is similar to the ps3 variant
that does not mean high resolution only
720 p, for example, no directx 11
logically, but still looks
pretty good we have to have one
really say
silence of the pc
yes, that's close
yes, this is mainly cracked textures
as I said the x11 effects
Particle effects tessellation the whole
feed to whom he needs when she needs too
lead a corresponding chains pc
but you can see clearly why
new consoles need the ps3 finds
is still doing very well
just a little bit weaker textures
and a trainer has many effects and
she is amazingly of the three
versions the worst one yes
shake little micro latent and
creates and creates the blurred
version one sees that one directly in the
Comparison as she is at the same time the pc
version is completely explosion which has
these volumetric where metric
particle effects here you see it when we
yes, they happen on the consoles
not just a bit smoke as
conclusion must say it is still
one of the best beautiful games on
So you really should console yourself
at the end of this console can calm the
It has become really great
shooter relatively short unfortunately with an ok
in story but it looks really bombastic
from so I am often completely blown
gone was thunder weather
yes you can see it already pc is here but
the consoles well they still hold
with we wait for the next one
generation
then it is the same for the
moment get crysis 3